 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2) game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2) game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2) game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2) game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2) game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2) game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2) game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2) game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2) game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2) game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2) game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2) game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2) game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2) game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2) game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2) game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2) game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2) game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2) game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2) game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2) game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2) game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2) game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2) game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2) game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2) game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2) game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2) game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2) game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2) game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2) game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2) game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2) game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2) game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2) game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2) game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2) game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2) game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2) game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2) game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2) game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2) game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2) game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2) game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2) game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2) game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2) game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2) game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2) game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2) game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2) game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2) game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2) game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2) game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2) game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2) game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2) game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2) game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2) game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2) game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2) game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2) game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2) game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2) game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2) game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2) game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2) game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2) game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2) game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2) game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2) game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2) game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2) game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2) game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2) game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2) game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2) game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2) game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2) game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2) game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2) game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2) game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2) game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
 game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(1) -- blue
wait(2)
   game:GetService("Lighting").GameModel.Events.Events.ChooseTeam:FireServer(2)  -- red
wait(2)
